Chore: Updated Pegout minimum (#759)
rsksmart/devportal: _rsk/architecture/powpeg.md

Since the Bitcoin blockchain and the RSK sidechain are not entangled in a single blockchain or in a parent-child relation as in a [syncchain](https://blog.rsk.co/noticia/syncchain-synchronized-sidechains-for-improved-security-and-usability/), the transfers of bitcoins between them must at some point in time be considered final. If not, bitcoins locked on one side would never be able to be safely unlocked on the other. Therefore, peg-in and peg-out transactions require a high number of block confirmations. Peg-ins require 100 Bitcoin blocks (approximately 2000 RSK blocks), and peg-outs require 4000 RSK blocks (approximately 200 Bitcoin blocks). Transactions signed by federation nodes are considered final by RSK: these transactions are broadcast and assumed to be included sooner or later in the Bitcoin blockchain. Due to the need for finality, RSK consensus does not attempt to recover from an attack that manages to revert the blockchain deep enough to revert a final peg-in or peg-out transaction. If a huge reversal occurs, Powpeg nodes halt any future peg-out, and the malicious actors should not be able to double-spend the peg.

> > Note: Since the IRIS 3.0.0 upgrade, minimum required values for peg-in and peg-out have been halved, Peg-in minimum is now 0.005 and
> Peg-out minimum is now 0.004. Peg-out BTC fees must be less than 20% of the peg-out value. With this upgrade, funds are not lost in pegouts, users should safely receive their funds back in their wallets.

Reviewer: I'm proposing a change in this note. Please reach out to me if the way I'm writing does not make sense to you.
```suggestion
> Note: Since the IRIS 3.0.0 upgrade, minimum required values for peg-in and peg-out have been halved, Peg-in minimum is now 0.005 and
Peg-out minimum is now 0.004. Besides this minimum, the Bridge will estimate the fees required to pay for the pegout, if the remainder after paying the fees is too low (not enough to be spent in BTC) the pegout will be rejected. The funds will be reimbursed if the pegout is rejected by any of the described conditions.
```

> Peg-out minimum is now 0.004. Besides this minimum, the Bridge will estimate the fees required to pay for the pegout, if the remainder after paying the fees is too low (not enough to be spent in BTC) the pegout will be rejected. The funds will be reimbursed if the pegout is rejected by any of the conditions described above.

Reviewer 2: I see 0.005 and 0.004 here, but elsewhere I see only 0.004. Also here we should state BTC (for peg in) vs RBTC (for peg out)
